A few quick reactions (and a couple of fixes I’d make before you let this become your “default” prompt).

This is now demo-ready in the way you wanted
You can stand in front of anyone and narrate:

Input (goal + current state) → Source registry (what the system is allowed to use) → Binding rules (deterministic, visible) → Output (stack + advisory) → Audit log (what happened)

That’s exactly the CMGF line.

Two small data-quality fixes to avoid getting “caught” in Q&A
A) NICE references
Right now your SOC Analyst uses the same NICE reference as Cyber Threat Analyst (PR-CDA-001). That might be okay for a prototype, but an informed audience could poke it. If you don’t want to research the perfect NICE work role codes yet, label them explicitly as “mock snapshot” and add a note like:

“Reference codes are illustrative placeholders for the prototype.”

That preserves credibility.

B) O*NET codes
“15-1212.00” (Information Security Analysts) is plausible for cyber roles, but “15-1299.09” is a catch-all style code and might raise eyebrows. Same fix: call it an illustrative mapping in the source_registry.json citation_note.

Prototype honesty beats shaky specificity.

One governance guardrail I strongly recommend adding
Right now it says “suggested credential stack (ordered sequence).” That’s fine, but you should force the UI to show:

“Suggested sequencing (informational) — not a recommendation or requirement.”

It sounds minor. It’s not. It keeps you aligned with “not guiding,” even while being useful.

If you want it even cleaner, use:

“Common sequencing observed” or “Typical sequencing pathway.”

Add an “Evidence Coverage” meter
This would be a killer CMGF touch and it’s measurable.

Example:

Role definition: present (O*NET / NICE)

Credential requirements: present

Experience norms: present

Education norms: present

Show 4 checkmarks and a tiny note: “This output is based on 4/4 evidence categories.”

Now you have a measurable artifact feature that reinforces the binding-layer concept without pretending to be predictive.

The audit log spec is excellent — one tweak
You specified:
“output_generated (summary)”

Make it structured, not a free text summary, so it stays machine-auditable:

output_generated: {
"next_step": "...",
"stack": [...],
"experience_note_included": true,
"evidence_sources": [...],
"disclaimer_shown": true
}

That makes it easy to demonstrate governance later.

What I’d do next (no extra thinking required)
Here’s the “first run” checklist once it generates the app:

Run the app.

Try 6 test cases:

No certs, 0 exp, no degree

Security+, 0 exp

Security+, 2 exp

Security+ + CySA+, 1 exp (should push experience)

Degree Bachelor + no certs (should note degree supports but still stack certs)

Cloud Security Analyst with AWS Cloud Practitioner already (should skip foundation AWS cert)

Verify for each case:

A rule fired and is shown

Evidence panel lists sources + snapshot date

Disclaimer is visible

Audit log wrote a JSON line

If any of those fail, we tighten the scaffolding.

If you paste me the generated repo tree + the rules_engine.py
I can do a quick “architect review” and tell you:

what’s solid

what will break

what to simplify

what to make more explicit for your demo narrative

(You don’t need to paste everything — just app/main.py, rules_engine.py, and the two JSON files.)